# DICOMweb QIDO-RS -- intial scoping

**Meeting Date:** 19th May, 2026 - 3:00 PM

---

**Tommy Aldo Sonin** *[05:04]*: Hey, Rudolph. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[05:05]*: Hey, guys. 
**Tommy Aldo Sonin** *[05:08]*: Good to see you. How you doing? 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[05:10]*: You too. Good, good. It's an interesting angle you've got. 
**Tommy Aldo Sonin** *[05:18]*: My brother said the same thing last year. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[05:22]*: Is that. Do you have a Dell? 
**Tommy Aldo Sonin** *[05:25]*: I'm sorry? 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[05:26]*: Do you have a Dell laptop? Because I know some models had the camera pinhole at the bottom of the screen and not the top. Oh, no, it's actually. 
**Tommy Aldo Sonin** *[05:36]*: Hey, Adam. It's actually a desktop camera, USB cam. I've got a few monitors here and it just happens to below the monitor. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[05:46]*: Okay. 
**Tommy Aldo Sonin** *[05:51]*: I mean, Rudolph, I should put it up top and just highlight, you know, top of my head instead. Hey, Alex. 
**A Scammon** *[05:59]*: Hey. What's going on? Nice to see everyone. Hey, we're back after a couple weeks away. I think you indicated that you all were terribly busy over the last couple weeks and I. I've been traveling, so I was glad to see that you were also busy. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[06:21]*: Yeah. So, yeah, it's been a bit hectic. Yeah. 
**A Scammon** *[06:25]*: Yeah. What's been up in your world? 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[06:28]*: I mean, I say hectic, it doesn't mean that hectic. But I was. I mean, I was at Red Hat Summit last week, which was interesting to see, you know, what's happening on the sort of more commercial software development side, especially in the Linux world, in a way, through Red Hat's lens. I mean, the long story short is it's all. It's all agentic all the time. That's what it's all about. 
**A Scammon** *[06:54]*: And you're. I mean, you were at Red Hat Summit because you're like now related to Oren or just because it was interesting or because it's. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[07:07]*: Because for sort of many years, actually unrelated to Oran, but related to Chris, we've been sort of collaborating with Red Hat. In fact, there was a connection with Oran sort of distantly from the beginning in that Red Hat was a founding partner at BU and they created this Massachusetts Open Cloud. And our project was one of the first that sort of whatever began hosted on the Mass Open Cloud. 
**A Scammon** *[07:42]*: Got it. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[07:43]*: So I've been sort of going off and on most years to Red Hat Summit. 
**A Scammon** *[07:47]*: Got it. That makes sense. Last time we talked. Yeah, I think we had, you know, I think the last meeting was sort of the bigger meeting with everyone where we sort of were like, yeah, good, we've come to some sort of an agreement. And I think out of that we wanted to sit down and figure out a little bit more exactly what the work was going to be, who was going to do it, which parts of which does that sound like the right agenda for today? 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[08:31]*: Yeah, pretty much. I think, you know, we'd sort of agreed that a definable piece of work would be to add DICOM web support to our backend. And now it's just scoping out more in more detail what that means in some, you know, not necessarily deep technical dive, but more of it. Is that the scope. Are we satisfied with that? Can we now begin thinking about tickets around that? How are we going to interact with that kind of thing? 
**A Scammon** *[09:05]*: Yeah, there were three main pieces of work, or maybe four that I remember from the mvp. There was setting up some infrastructure on the moc, some sort of infra devopsy work. There was adding DICOM Web to your back end, software engineering work. There was some work that Adam offered to take on about taking the public data set and converting it to proper dicom. And then there's a last little piece of finding some research application that could be run at arm's length on the data. And so I was trying to figure out in my mind like which parts of those you were most likely to want to do. I figured Adam has offered to do the Adam thing. So. Okay, fine. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[10:05]*: That's fine. 
**A Scammon** *[10:07]*: Thank you, Adam. Appreciate it. The last part about the running an actual piece of research sounded like you all had in hand already. You had an idea about the thing that you would run on this data set when we got to that point. So I was figuring we'd let you do whatever it is with Ellen and team at that point. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[10:36]*: Yes. 
**A Scammon** *[10:37]*: So then it's just the like the DevOps infrastructure stuff and the software engineering part of it and. Yeah. Which parts of those do you think we can help with the most or what do you want us to do out of those two things? 
**Joshua Kanner** *[10:56]*: I think if I may, the most important thing for us right now is the hardening of Chris, getting the Chris platform ready for enterprise type use. DICOM Web compliance is part of that. The team right now is, you know, just working on consolidating and reviewing existing documentation. But there's. And one of the team members is actively working on researching the code base in terms of, you know, any existing security vulnerabilities. So I know that we've already kind of established that you guys are able to work to some degree on spec while we're waiting for funding to get approved and you know, figure it out later. The. Which is great. And the other thing to consider is the readiness of our team to work on the Atlas fork. 
**Joshua Kanner** *[12:17]*: And where we're at is we need to invest more time into Chris to get it ready for the atlas work. 
**A Scammon** *[12:29]*: And that is that hardening stuff that sounds like stuff that your team is already engaged in. 
**Joshua Kanner** *[12:38]*: To a degree. If there's. Are we talking about Tommy, are we talking about someone else or. 
**A Scammon** *[12:47]*: No, it's just saying it sounded like somebody on your team was already looking at the security vulnerabilities. And so I wasn't. We hadn't talked about hardening in the context of the MVP at all. So I was just trying to figure out if you wanted that added to the MVP or whether. 
**Joshua Kanner** *[13:05]*: Yeah, no, it's really pre mvp. It's, it's before any of that stuff even starts. 
**A Scammon** *[13:10]*: I see. Okay. 
**Joshua Kanner** *[13:12]*: And it's a little bit nebulous in scope right now, which, you know, I'm actively working to define. I don't know if this is how you are intending to work, but I think the most ideal thing is if you could, if we could just have an engineer thrown at us that could, you know, be part of the calls, part of the planning, pointing, you know, any parts of discovery, of what needs to be done. Because that's part of it too. We just, we need resources. 
**A Scammon** *[13:56]*: And last time we spoke, it sounded like there was actually like you had all scoped for another resource. Like there was budget. It sounded like it was bch budget that was available to do some of this work that was like. I heard one developer was already budgeted for MVP work or something around this. 
**Joshua Kanner** *[14:21]*: Sounds familiar. I'll let Rudolph handle that. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[14:26]*: Well, we don't. Okay. So the budget currently has at least two space. Space for two more people to be onboarded. Right. And we're not, we haven't yet fully decided whether the best use would be to try and go, you know, hire someone from scratch or to use that allocated funding to pay say from your team or another collaborating entity. Right. So, you know, full disclosure, right. As of, as of even today, right now, we still haven't heard final approval, which that's what that is. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[15:10]*: But realistically, you know, we're a little bit bound or hamstrung by the fact that we can't easily go out and try and start the hiring process on our end because we don't have that green light, which means that if were to try and fill that position, you know, there's at least, there is almost at least a four month lag time before someone could be even on board it. So we would have certain amount. I'm just thinking about all the scenarios Right now, right here, we have, we have budget that we can, I would feel comfortably allocate, say funding is given that money is in there available, which we could say give to someone at Insight to work to collaborate on the project and whatever. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[16:01]*: FTE makes sense forever, how long even on, you know, and then we could switch that role if we get a, if we hire someone ourselves into that position. I don't. That answers your question. 
**A Scammon** *[16:14]*: Yeah. When I heard it last time, it almost sounded like it was what you were considering was not grant budget, but BCH budget directly. And that's why you were like, oh, we have room for one person. Maybe I misunderstood, but at the time it sounded like it was BCH funding and that sort of alleviated the concerns about having to wait and having to work on spec or things like that. But maybe I, again, maybe I was misunderstanding. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[16:50]*: Oh, no, sorry, you just. I don't know if it's on my end or whatever, but I just missed the last part. You said we have. 
**A Scammon** *[17:01]*: Yeah, yeah, I was just saying that maybe I misunderstood. So I was just seeing whether my understanding lined up with reality or whether I heard it wrong essentially. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[17:14]*: Oh, no, that's, that's what I, I totally, my thing totally like spazed out when you were saying, hey, I, I understood this. And then he was like distort it. So what did you wonder what was. What can we clear up? 
**A Scammon** *[17:26]*: Got it, got it. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[17:26]*: Try to clear. 
**A Scammon** *[17:28]*: Yeah, I had heard last time we talked you were like, hey, we have actually within our existing budget room for another head. And it made it sound like it was BCH budget, not grant budget, but. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[17:46]*: What do you think? 
**A Scammon** *[17:48]*: And so that's why I thought it was like, oh, this makes it easier. We can just move without needing to get into the whole mechanics of the grant and all that kind of stuff. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[18:00]*: I see what you mean. Yeah, yeah. No, I think it was BCH budget. The BCH budget part of the grant. So, you know, so as of like today, I don't think that I'm aware of. I can circle back to Ellen. Is there some funding lying around that can be, you know, allocated or signed tomorrow to self fund something independently of our grant? 
**A Scammon** *[18:27]*: Yeah, yeah, clarified. Okay, good. Yeah. So then the scenario that you were laying out makes sense. You know, we'd want to sort of titrate the amount of work to the confidence we all have that the government actually going to give us this money. Where specifically are we at? Do we know? Do we need to talk to. Who's the prime on this? Is it Gradient. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[19:09]*: Gradient Health is the prime. That's true. And the word on the street that I had my intelligence from Red Hat Summit last week was that the grant is sitting on the CIO of ARPA H's desk, someone called Clark Minor and he has to just. I think that is somewhere close to the final approval that needs to happen. Now, whether that's rumor or truth, that's just. I don't, I don't know. But that was the word in the street that I got. 
**A Scammon** *[19:44]*: Cool. But would it make sense to. We had talked about chatting with Gradient at some point. Mostly on a technical level was the context of the last conversation where were like, hey, we want to get. Sit down with Gradient and sort of reassure them that the thing that we're building doesn't get in the way of us all working together in a phase two. But, you know, particularly if this is going to be grant budget stuff, I want to make sure that they know who the hell we are and, you know, that they don't feel like you're just foisting us upon them. You know, like all of a sudden they get the money and you come at them like, hey, we've been working with this other outside crew for six months and now you got to pay them kind of. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[20:39]*: Oh, yeah, yes. So I don't think there's any. That makes a lot of sense. However, I think that the way the pie has been split at the moment and the way in which the teams are sort of positioning themselves is that it's all somewhat. Still semi independent. I mean, by that is that the budget that each team has is theirs to use as they see fit. Right. So I don't know if grading who they're going to be adding to their engineering team or University of Utah, if that. Right. So from the perspective of the larger team, including Gradient Health, our partners would just be our partners. Part of that, part of that perspective. 
**A Scammon** *[21:33]*: So each kind of wing of budget, like you all have your own kind of administrator, like large chunks allocated to each person, and then you have your own internal people. Like, we will build BCH essentially for the work, not Gradient. Like it's already flowed to the big triumvirate of people, right? 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[22:05]*: Well, yes. I mean, that probably will become all more apparent once it all begins. But for the time being, you know, that would be the. That's how it probably would look. But I wouldn't put it so strongly as you Know, building it for BCH or building it for Gradient. It is more building Atlas. Building the project. The BCH part. Building the project, helping to build Atlas. Right. 
**adamm** *[22:30]*: I think he said billing, not building. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[22:35]*: Oh, did I say what? 
**A Scammon** *[22:37]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[22:38]*: Who said what? 
**A Scammon** *[22:39]*: Sorry, I think I, I was saying billing. Yes. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[22:44]*: Oh, billing. I see. Okay. 
**A Scammon** *[22:48]*: Yeah. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[22:48]*: Okay, fair. Okay. Yeah. Because what happens is that each. I think each PI. Each group is getting their own budget. It's not as though everything goes to Gradient Health and everyone has to go to them and say, please give us our part of the budget, blah, blah. Everyone gets their own chunk to do it as they've decided. 
**A Scammon** *[23:14]*: Yeah, that makes sense. We've worked like that on a bunch of grants ourselves. It's interesting though, some of the infrastructure work that we might get involved with might be very open, shifty and then therefore we might be coming out of the Red Hat budget. I mean, getting way ahead of things. I'm just like anticipating complexity. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[23:45]*: True. Well, that's actually an interesting point. I mean the way in which we are making sense of it for ourselves and our position is that certainly from our side, BCH engineering side, we're not going to do anything. We're not going to do any engineering work in OpenShift. Right. We're not going to, we're not going to take upon ourselves the task of deploying OpenShift on a random network that's. That's fully in scope of. Right. That's what they're supposed to be doing. I don't know if that clarifies a little bit of what you're saying, but I don't. We're not going to be doing any work in those innards. 
**A Scammon** *[24:29]*: Cool. Yeah, just. It's just a thing to keep in the back of my mind. I feel like when it might be useful to build one group or the other, it might become apparent that like, we're not doing BCH related work, but we're actually doing Red Hat related work or. Yeah. So anyway, it's a good thing to keep in mind. So for this work, coming all the way back to Joshua. Hi. Now that I. We took a little detour on money stuffs, you're talking about having somebody join some of the meetings. How much sort of scoping meetings are you having? Are you actually building things? Are you sort of like planning meetings at this point? 
**Joshua Kanner** *[25:32]*: So for the scope of the work that we initially reached out about, not like the grand scope of things, but just this one ticket, we're Talking about getting DICOM Web compliance. That ticket is just a research ticket to figure out what is involved in, you know, achieving that compliance. So, I mean, we could start there. It ultimately be starting from scratch as far as, you know, the workflow for that particular engineer. So there, you know, we'd have a kickoff call, engineer goes off, does the research, writes up a document of what. What's missing, what needs to, you know, what has to happen, what needs to be done, a proposal for how to go about doing that. We discuss it, break it up into tickets and get going. 
**A Scammon** *[26:30]*: Cool. Okay. And then do you have any sense of what timeline we'd want to, like, have the mvp? There was some talk about, like, four or six months worth of time. I think that was you, Rudolph, being like, all right, we're not going to do it in two months or something like that. It's going to take X amount of time. 
**Joshua Kanner** *[27:00]*: Well, this, what we're talking about isn't even mvp. This is, again, this is part of. 
**A Scammon** *[27:05]*: This is pre mvp. Right. Sort of trying to back into how this thing would need to take. So. 
**adamm** *[27:12]*: Yeah. 
**Joshua Kanner** *[27:13]*: Oh. I mean, I personally don't have a sense of the scope of how this would be done. I know that, Rudolph, correct me if I'm wrong, there's. We don't have DICOM web compliance. We are using or think for that kind of communication. Right. So I am inclined to guess that it's, you know, there's already some work that can be repurposed for this could be wrong. 
**A Scammon** *[27:49]*: I mean, when I looked at the. When I look at the Keto RS and the Wado rs, I don't know if that's how you choose to pronounce those things, but, like, they seem reasonably well documented in, like, this is the API, this is what you should send to it, and this is what it should return. I know Adam always goes, oh, but wait, you know, so I'm sure there'll be some questions in there, but it didn't look like there were too many verbs. It didn't look like there were too many nouns. It wasn't the most complex API that I've seen, to be honest. So, you know, in terms of just the mechanics of an API, it seemed reasonable. 
**A Scammon** *[28:43]*: When you're talking about compliance, are you just meaning complying with the API spec, or are you talking about things like security and encryption and things like that? 
**Joshua Kanner** *[28:58]*: We hadn't discussed the latter. We'd merely discussed the API spec. 
**A Scammon** *[29:04]*: Okay, great. I would love it if we could just keep the MVP to great. Yeah. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[29:10]*: Great. 
**A Scammon** *[29:10]*: Perfect. 
**Joshua Kanner** *[29:11]*: You know, if anything is noticed during that discovery phase of the research ticket, write it down, we'll track it, we'll do it later. 
**A Scammon** *[29:20]*: Perfect. 
**Tommy Aldo Sonin** *[29:21]*: And what you described up front, Josh, is what I call a spike by the security person. So let's say we have a security head comes in, does the research, the proposal, and things are accepted. Do you also want that security head to do the work or just to do the spiking effort? I just want to make sure I. 
**Joshua Kanner** *[29:40]*: Understand that part for the security itself. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[29:43]*: Yeah,. 
**Joshua Kanner** *[29:47]*: Well, like were saying, or at least I thought I understood that's out of scope for what we're doing. 
**Tommy Aldo Sonin** *[29:53]*: I just wanted to make sure that we're pushing anything outside the API. 
**A Scammon** *[29:58]*: I think Tommy, you and I heard the word compliance and we took it in a security direction. We're just wanting to comply with the API specifications, not the Perfect. Yeah, just. 
**Joshua Kanner** *[30:10]*: We're currently just talking about communication. Yeah, yeah. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[30:13]*: Good. 
**A Scammon** *[30:13]*: Yeah. 
**Joshua Kanner** *[30:14]*: For interface. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[30:15]*: Yeah. 
**A Scammon** *[30:18]*: Which is great. 
**Joshua Kanner** *[30:20]*: So, yeah. But as far as time frame, I mean, it's hard to say, theoretically, there was the hope of being able to kick off in June. Who knows if that's real or not anymore? I, I would ultimately just look forward to hearing what the engineer's estimate of level of effort would be coming out of the research ticket. 
**A Scammon** *[30:49]*: I mean, we should be able to have something written up by then. That doesn't seem so. From what I've seen of the spec. Yeah, that should be fine. The other piece of investigation that I think needs to happen is like where in the workflow this needs to get hooked in. That's a thing. That's just because I don't know the system, it's sort of opaque to me. But from the architecture diagram that I looked at was like, there's a spot in there that is probably the spot and. But I don't know what that actually means in the mechanics of the thing. 
**Joshua Kanner** *[31:32]*: I defer again to Rudolph. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[31:34]*: Yeah. 
**A Scammon** *[31:35]*: Yeah. And that's where we probably have a software person sit down with you and go through an architecture diagram, look at some code and be like, here's the spot. Take a look. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[31:47]*: So, yeah, I mean, I think. Let me tell a story. The sort of the target really, of this, if we're going to call it, quote unquote, an mvp, it's really straightforward, but it's almost a microcosm of the larger workflow in the system. And it is essentially query a resource for the data that's available, choose some subset of that data to do something with. And then do something with it and look at the results. And so to be a bit pedantic, so here we are querying in the scope of our mvp, let's say a Chris instance and asking it, hey, what dicoms do you have? And in order to do that, the dicom web support is needed to make it easily queryable by any standard client. 
**A Scammon** *[32:40]*: Yeah, sorry. And I think I've left out a crucial word of what I was saying before. For the place to hook into the workflow for indexing the metadata. That's the piece that I just haven't looked at the code deeply enough to know where that part goes. Yes. For reading and writing the API spec is. That's clear. But the indexing part is the thing that you have a whole system that is slurping up the data and at some point in that slurp, we need to. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[33:13]*: Yes, so. Well, that's true. But again, you know, I think that is again, a little bit out of scope. I'll say a very directed MVP because. Okay, right. In order to, in order to prove. Concept. Well, that's great. 
**A Scammon** *[33:28]*: I'm glad that we can cut that scope, actually. That's, that's good. How do we get it? I mean. No, we have to. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[33:38]*: No, we. 
**A Scammon** *[33:40]*: Okay, we, you don't have to get it hooked into the actual workflow. You could do it out of band and just index, have like a separate indexing thing and not actually worry about hooking it into anything. But at some point you do need to look at the data that you got and to create a metadata index. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[34:03]*: True. All right, so this is, this is again, you know, go. Going back to Josh, this is beginning into moving into these sort of unknown phase of we don't have enough, haven't done enough research to know what is actually usable here. Right. Because what I mean to say is that in theory, one could, using DICOM Web compliance, ask a resource that supports that. Give me, give me some, some kind of indexing of the dicoms that you have. You could probably get that out of DICOM Web. Would that be the most effective thing? I really have no idea. But in theory it would be possible to do. And then with that index, you choose which ones you want to actually run through this inference, whatever it is, somehow select those and then schedule the workflow that you want to run and MVP shown. Right. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[34:56]*: But it could very well be that, you know, of course, putting the DICOM information into a. Completely. Into a Separate service that is able to do much better search and query and very quick etc. Etc. Etc. Is probably going to be more the actual product down the line. But, but you know, if I were to dial the MVP a little bit more to a proof of concept idea to show that the concept actually works, then what we're talking about right now is sufficient to do that. 
**A Scammon** *[35:31]*: Okay. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[35:33]*: Right. 
**A Scammon** *[35:33]*: Deal. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[35:37]*: You know the. If I was to restate the problem. We want to prove that it is possible to do research on data without actually necessarily ever seeing. Without actually necessarily having to have direct access to the data. Yeah, correct. But of course the devil is in the details and there's research that needs to be done. But no matter. All. All roads begin to diverge, begin to start diverging from beyond point zero. And point zero is probably. We've. We thought, you know, it's a nice defi. Defensible specific. Adding this missing industry standard compliance protocol to our backend which is DICOM web support. I know we're over like very quickly, Rudolph. 
**adamm** *[36:29]*: It seemed that like what you're trying to get at is we're half deciding between like do you implement DICOM web compliance exactly as we want it to be in the end or do we want to implement it kind of good enough for the NVP and stop. Right. Because that's like this indexing discussion in my mind. Right. Because like a prod system would want the indexing built in and at least to me the way you'd implement the DICOM web stuff would change depending on whether you're doing that indexing or not. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[37:05]*: I mean probably. Right. If you want to. Yes. If you ask a DICOM resource what the you have with DICOM Web, it's giving you stuff that might not be needed if you just want a quick and dirty simple search nets. I don't know if that's what you're saying. 
**Joshua Kanner** *[37:22]*: I would actually argue that this part of the conversation is part of the resulting research. 
**adamm** *[37:30]*: Yes. Like it's more like. I think that's an open. Like Alex, to try and get to the bottom of what you were saying. I think that's an open question. 
**A Scammon** *[37:36]*: Yeah. Yeah. Cool. 
**adamm** *[37:39]*: Yeah, I think it's an open question. Depending on. I think Joshua, you were kind of hinting at this. Depending on how much work all of these ideas are. And then after we know how much time all these ideas are, then we have the discussion on what do we actually do. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[37:53]*: Yes, exactly. 
**adamm** *[37:54]*: Right. Yeah, sure. 
**A Scammon** *[37:56]*: Cool. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[38:01]*: Cool. 
**A Scammon** *[38:02]*: So maybe the most nextest step is Tommy, you And I to figure out who has bandwidth to do this work. You know, it sounds like meeting with your team or you, Joshua, just to scope it out. We'll give them as much background as we can as well. So it's, you know, a couple hours of just getting somebody read in and then it's, you know, some hours of taking a look at the spec, understanding the spec, trying some things out, downloading the code, taking a look at it. But it's not weeks and weeks of work to then come back with some preliminary ideas. They'll come back with questions, probably after a couple hours, will answer a whole bunch of questions. They'll go back and do another couple hours with the work. 
**A Scammon** *[39:00]*: You know, it's like the end of all of it, maybe a day, maybe two worth of. Worth of time, something like that at this point. Yeah. And that seems both meaningful and also feasible on our end. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[39:20]*: Like. 
**A Scammon** *[39:21]*: Yeah, that's fine. Cool. All right. And so I almost cut us off earlier. I was like, oh, the half hour is up, we're all done. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[39:33]*: We are leisure. But yeah, look, I mean, the simple fact is, I think Alex, and this is what I. We just need to get more research. We need to have a much better sense of the real. I think we have. I have a very good sense of what, you know, the pieces that we need or how to demonstrate proof of concept, what the current building blocks on what we can do. But we don't. I would not, I definitely would not say that every single building block in this chain is best of breed or indeed what should be used in the final product run. 
**A Scammon** *[40:09]*: That seemed like a very diplomatic way of saying so much. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[40:15]*: Yes, okay, well, I appreciate that, but yes, exactly. So really the first most important thing right here to do now is do the research. And in the act of doing that research, we'll be able to really define out the problem and figure out what are the best tools and then be able to scope the effort involved and the choices we need to make given timeframes and given orders with this. 
**A Scammon** *[40:41]*: Cool. Well, great. Maybe that's enough for today. And tell me I can powwow for the. The rest of the time and figure out what we want to do resource wise here to come back to the. No, no, actually the money stuff was clear enough to me. Yeah, no, that's fine. 
**Joshua Kanner** *[41:07]*: When should we expect to hear back about, you know, resources and starting time and what have you? 
**A Scammon** *[41:14]*: I mean, Tommy and I will powwow now and, you know, we'll hit you back either later today or tomorrow. 
**adamm** *[41:21]*: Can I Very quickly ask, just to help Alex and Tommy with that discussion. Who on your side is the one that will be having these engineering discussions? Would it just be you two? Would it be others? 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[41:34]*: Like, just, like, ballpark, like, not. 
**adamm** *[41:39]*: Not to you, Alex, but to Rudolph and Joshua on their side? 
**Joshua Kanner** *[41:43]*: Between the two of us. Rudolph. But, you know, there might be others that we bring in who have, you know, specific expertise in certain components. 
**adamm** *[41:54]*: Well, because that's more what I was wanting to hint at is that, like, some of that expertise would probably help the people on our side not go down paths that they already know. Oh, you don't want to do this, right? 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[42:06]*: Yeah, yeah, we should. 
**Joshua Kanner** *[42:10]*: You know, we. We could even have a kickoff call with. With everyone who's, you know, we. We have, you know, communication channels. We're not using a matrix server for communication, but we also have daily standups, which is a good chance to flag people if you need help. But we'll have a kickoff call where everyone's there and, you know, open communication if. If there's any. So we'd be able to, like, warn of. Of those kinds of things you're talking about, like, the preventative stuff. But when there's questions about, you know, that require that specific expertise, the expertise is available. 
**A Scammon** *[42:50]*: Cool. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[42:51]*: Cool. 
**A Scammon** *[42:52]*: Yeah. How big is your team again? I forget just how many of you are there? 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[43:02]*: Yeah. So it's myself, Josh. Josh being engineering manager. And then beneath that would be three people. Three. It's gonna. It might. 
**adamm** *[43:13]*: There's. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[43:14]*: There's some churn that might be happening of some variability. But it's a small team. 
**A Scammon** *[43:17]*: Sure, sure. But that gives us a sense of, like, it's not 20 and. No, 50, it's three. So we'll. We'll get to know each other closely. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[43:26]*: Great. 
**A Scammon** *[43:30]*: Right on. I mean, I think I know enough for me to go and figure out some stuff with Tommy. Adam, if you want to join us. Totally. Cool. Yeah. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[43:43]*: Feel free to ping any questions or whatever, because I think, you know, if you need. I can take another pass on the idea of what is. You know, what is. They were trying to prove what is a good story here. You know, sometimes for me, that helps me anchor my thinking as to what we're trying to build. So just ping me up for that if you need a bit more around that. 
**A Scammon** *[44:03]*: Yeah, I think that the premise is very clear at this point. The bits that. Like the API itself, the interface feels clear to me. There's the bit around the indexing that is grayer. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[44:20]*: Yes. 
**A Scammon** *[44:21]*: So we'll come back. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[44:23]*: Yeah. 
**A Scammon** *[44:24]*: Discuss that, I imagine. But, you know, I think we have enough to at least get somebody rolling on this, so. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[44:31]*: Okay. 
**A Scammon** *[44:32]*: Yeah. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[44:33]*: Great. 
**A Scammon** *[44:34]*: Cool. Thank you very much, gentlemen. Appreciate it. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[44:37]*: Great. Thanks. Thanks very much. Right. To hearing from you. 
**A Scammon** *[44:40]*: Yeah. 
**Rudoph Pienaar (Boston Children's Hospital)** *[44:41]*: Cheers, folks. Bye. 
